Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to store the picked image in the Firebase Storage.
Okay?
And I know that to do this, we're going to need to go back to our VTS code and then the auto controller
file.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can use control and bits and make this wide.
Now, over here, you can see we basically have four major fields.
That is the image field, the full name field, the email field and the password field.
So we send the sign up.
Users function over this parenthesis.
We can have the trailer comma and then pass.
The image field.
And definitely we are going to have this error.
And the reason for this error, you can see over here we are calling the sign up user function and over
here we passed in four variables and we are only able to pass in serial values to it.
So that is why we are having that error because it's basically looking for that additional value.
Okay.
So.
Yeah.
We can specify the type.
This is a type of something that's you and.
Eight.
Least.
And we can say it can be nor.
And within the statement, we can as well have some check.
But before then we are basically saying if the field, if the full name is not empty and the email is
not empty and the password is not empty, then only we want to create the user with the email and password
and we also want to store the details of the user to the cloud for a store database.
Okay.
Great.
And we can also have some check over for the emails so we can then say and.
Image.
Is not equal to nor.
Okay.
So now we're basically saying if the funding is not empty, the image is not empty, the passport is
not empty and the image is not equal to that is if the user picked the image then only wants to create
this user.
But as well we are not just only going to be able to store the full name and email, but we are also
going to be able to store the pics image.
Right?
So over here before we store the image, we're going to first need to upload it to the storage.
So we can create a functional barrier and we can make this function private because we don't want to
be able to assess this function as this file.
So you can see on this core upload image to storage.
And we have to pass the image line to make this code a bit more cleaner.
We are not going to create the functional barrier so we can copy this.
We can copy this.
I think we need a semicolon.
And over here we can just add a comment.
And we can say function.
Function to.
Upload.
Pics.
Image to the.
Sturridge.
Okay.
In our business function via.
And as well we can specify this is a type of but most of the time we don't really need to specify.
You ain't.
Aides list.
At least, and we can say it can be now.
Okay.
And now we're going to need access to the storage rights.
And we are the store that's package that is the.
The Firebase Storage.
So we're going to need to import this.
So back to the old controller file.
Back over a year.
We can then say finer.
Phoner and we can just go ahead and specify the type of variable.
This is a type of Firebase Storage, and we can call this underscore Firebase Storage.
It's going to be equal to Firebase.
Sturridge.
Storage, for instance.
Okay, great.
And now the first step is to upload.
Sorry.
The first step is to create a folder where all our profile images are going to be stored.
In order to do this, we're going to key to this variable.
We have a.
So over here we can say on the score, firebase.
Firebase Storage Dots Ref.
The child.
And this first child is referring to the name of the father for the name of the father.
We are going to call this profile.
We can just say profiles.
Okay.
And now we can say that child again.
Now, this child is basically referring to what the name of the image should be.
Now the name of the image is going to be the user uid.
So in order to do that, you can see we have the screen over here.
But we basically can't use the screen since the variable is.
Below.
What we have is we can't we can't call this viable.
So what we can do, we can use the.
Firebase.
What's available so we can say on the score art.
Dodds wants to get the current user ID which is currently creating the accounts and Dot's UID and had
a no check via.
So the name of the folder where all our images are going to be stored is going to be called profiles.
Then each user image is going to be the UID like this over here and we can store the results in a variable
called ref.
And this is a type of something known as reference.
We fair?
We fear for the conspiracy referrals.
Okay.
Referrals.
We need to import it.
Concur and.
No code.
That's incredible.
It's important.
I'm sure.
And.
Okay.
We're just going to continue.
I think I'm going to be able to keep watch.
Sorry.
Okay.
Ref.
Great.
And now the next step is to upload this.
Profile image that is the perfect image to the cloud.
So not to the cloud faster, but to the storage.
Okay.
So now in order to do that, we are going to call this rainbow graph and we're going to need to say
dot put.
Puts data.
And we're going to need to pass in the image.
And over here, we need another check.
So.
Great.
And we can store the results of the uploaded image in a variable called upload.
Upload task.
And this is a type of most of the time you just have to memorize all this process.
But definitely there are different way to do this.
But I think this would be the best way.
Okay, great.
And what we have to do is we're going to need to wait for the uploading.
And in order to use the weight, we need to use the single via.
So we can then say our weight is going to be upload.
Upload task.
This dribble we have.
And finally, we can store the final results in the rainbow called Task.
Tax short.
Thaksin I'm short and you can say snap.
Okay.
Great.
So we started to rebel in the West, basically starting the resort.
So in the rebel cold snap and this is a type of stock snapshot.
Like I said, most of the time you just have to memorize the process.
Okay, now this is basically all we need in order to upload an image to the storage.
But as well, we are not just going to be able to upload this image and the storage, but we are also
going to be able to retrieve this image from the storage and then upload it over here as a field.
So we're going to have the image field and we're going to upload it over here.
Now, in order to do this, we're going to need to retrieve the image, right?
And to do that, all we just have to say is I wait.
And.
There's going to be snap this rainbow over there.
Snap the ref dot gets the load URL.
Okay, and we can store the downloaded URL.
That is the image you have to.
A verbal wish we can cor download.
So.
Download URL, and since this is a URL, this is definitely going to be a type of string.
And finally we can return.
Return.
Hopefully I can spare return.
Download the URL.
Okay.
This is basically all we need.
Great.
And now we can then store that image as a field of view.
To do that over here, what we have to do.
We have to stop this inevitable dysfunction in the V.A. So we're going to say it's equal to that load.
The URL.
And this is the type of string.
And we can just await this because it will definitely take some time.
And now we can then say image.
Sorry.
Image and.
That load.
You are well.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Now, this is basically it.
And now we can use that function.
Sorry, we can use.
We can pass the value to it.
Therefore the value.
Okay, so we can have the semicolon and for the value, it's going to be the global variable which we
had over here, whereby the global variable basically had us have access to the pigs image.
Right.
So this is going to be on the score.
Image.
And I think we have.
Okay.
That's all.
Now, if you've forgotten what this image is, you can just go back to the previous lecture.
Okay.
And this is basically all we need so we can give this an all street start.
And we're going to try to come back to this again.
Now we have the fossil fuels which we have via.
So.
The image, the full name, the email and the password.
You can see we all have those four fields over here.
You can see we have the forces over here and basically we are.
Passing the value to it.
For the full name.
It's going to be the full name controller test.
That is, whatever the user pays into this is going to be assigned to that full name variable we had
over there.
And same as the email.
The email.
Field and as well as the password.
Field for the image field, it's going to be whatever that is for this image field.
We have a.
We have a buyer.
It's going to be whatever the user picks.
Okay.
Great.
And now we can just try this out.
I think I've spent a lot of time.
I'm just going to leave you to try this out yourself.
Then after you do, you're going to need to check your storage and.
You're going to see it over here.
And as well, you're going to need to refresh this and you're going to see over here.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.